Add sequential steps for storage docs (#1259)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/installation/storage.rst

3. In AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), create a user that Pulp can use to access your S3 bucket.
4. Save the access key id and secret access key.

Configuring Pulp to use Amazon S3
---------------------------------

To have Pulp use S3, complete the following steps:

1. Install the optional django-storages and boto3 Python packages in the pulp virtual environment::

      pip install django-storages[boto3]

2. Depending on which method you use to install or configure Pulp, you must set ``DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE`` to ``storages.backends.s3boto3.S3Boto3Storage`` in Pulp Settings. For example, if you use the `Pulp installer <https://pulp-installer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart/>`_, the ``default_file_storage`` is part of the ``pulp_settings`` Ansible variables you can define in your Ansible playbook.

> 3. In that same file, add your Amazon S3 configuration settings to ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``, ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``, and ``AWS_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME``. For more S3 configuration options, see the `django-storages documents <https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/latest/backends/amazon-S3.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the same way, add your Amazon S3 configuration settings to ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``, ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``, and ``AWS_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME``. For more S3 configuration options, see the `django-storages documents <https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/latest/backends/amazon-S3.html>`_.
```
I'm referring to the very general "Pulp Settings" here.

3. In AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), create a user that Pulp can use to access your S3 bucket.
4. Save the access key id and secret access key.

Configuring Pulp to use Amazon S3
---------------------------------

To have Pulp use S3, complete the following steps:

1. Install the optional django-storages and boto3 Python packages in the pulp virtual environment::

      pip install django-storages[boto3]

> 2. In your Pulp `settings.py` file, set ``DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE`` to ``storages.backends.s3boto3.S3Boto3Storage``.

Reviewer: Hmm, usually this file lives in `/etc/pulp/settings.py`, with the container we inject it via a volume and in the end, we are using dynaconf, which to my knowledge brings a lot of options to provide settings.
So referring to "Pulp settings" is probably the most generic way. (Yes this begs for a section called "1001 ways to configure pulp.")

Author: Are you saying that this is a generic statement that covers every possible installation type rather than specific instructions? 
Could we even have a generic section at the beginning of the Storage configuration docs where we give a number of options, or one option of where they'd set these values? A recommended option per deployment type? I dunno, something other than a generic statement and hope they figure it out. 
How does a user know where to put these Pulp settings? Or does the average Pulp user just *know*? The Ansible installer docs have some way of being more specific.

Author: @mdellweg  I have updated this, calling out an example, but ultimately reverting to the generic way, while trying to alert the reader to the fact that it is generic. 

I also created an issue to correspond. 

Let me know your thoughts.

Reviewer: I think, maybe we could use an even more generic section how to configure settings for pulp.
I do not think that all users _just know_.

Author: I would be very interested in helping out with a Settings overview section! 
Thank you for teaching me all these things!

Setting up Azure Blob storage
-----------------------------

Before you can configure Azure Blob storage to use with Pulp, ensure that you complete the following steps.
To complete these steps, consult the official Azure Blob documentation.

1. Set up an Azure account and create a storage account.
2. In your storage account, create a container under `Blob` service.
3. Obtain the access credentials so that you can later configure Pulp to access your Azure Blob storage. You can find the access credentials
   at the storage account level, at Access keys (these are automatically generated).

Configuring Pulp to use Azure Blob storage
------------------------------------------

1. Install the optional django-storages[azure] package in the pulp virtual environment::

      pip install django-storages[azure]

> 2. In the set the `settings.py` file, set ``DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE`` to ``storages.backends.azure_storage.AzureStorage``.

Reviewer 2: s/In the set the/In the `settings.py` file/

Author: This is a good catch Ina because I need to rewrite this as per line 39. Thank you.

> 3. In the same file, configure the following parameters::

Reviewer: Same suggestion here.

Author: Thanks, applied!
